Add docker setup for running and e2e testing (#4)
metabase/metabase-nextjs-sdk-embedding-sample: readme.md

# Metabase Embedding React SDK nextjs sample apps

> This repository contains sample apps for nextjs 14 that uses Metabase Embedding SDK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository contains sample apps for Next.js 14 that uses Metabase Embedding SDK.
```

It includes an app using pages router and an app using the app router.

Note: the samples are using the sdk nextjs compatibility layer, which is available from version 0.51.11.

## Instructions

> ### Manual run with your existing Metabase Enterprise instance

Reviewer: I think this should say `Pro/Enterprise` as we now allow Pro licenses to be used for the SDK
